[Music]
and
very good again friends of the
channel, what a tremendous change of jacket that we
are going to see in the next few weeks from
Mediaset and a large part of its cast,
okay, for now the fuchsias as
you call them, no, I don't know if they will be
called that, no, but the fuchsias, the
faces perhaps have been complaining on
Twitter that they are converting the
advertisement, the subtle announcement of
Olga's program this Wednesday, it is not clear if it is on
Tuesday, Wednesday is worth keeping an
eye on my channel and the one below that we will
surely confirm 100% with
certainty but the trailer very subtly
has a detail that many people have
missed but for others who
are more aware of things, well, they won't
be able to and that is the fact of the colors,
no, if you look at the logo, the
colors, the orange against the fuchsia and
what a coincidence that they put images of
Olga in her presentation video,
the orange jacket and you have there the
orange against the fuchsia as they are already
subtly dropping that this is a
war of one against the other  that
Olga comes to shut Rocío Carrasco up
and to deny her, I've already seen many
Caraquistas, okay, look, I'm not going to
point fingers or name names, everyone will
know what they're getting into, no,
but by saying no, please don't
turn this into a
women's war, we are very feminist and we have
learned, but if I am the same ones who have been
turning it into a women's war for four months, I mean, they
are the same ones who
have called or the accomplice of an
abuser, accomplice of violence, who
exercises violence, vicar since she is a
child stealer, she is a scoundrel, a
thief and above all, he has no [ __ ],
how have you celebrated, head ko, covers
for cell phones, t-shirts,
badges there, the Telecinco executives
from the TV factory with a badge,
man,
but what did I expect and what did I expect and what is
happening here is very simple, I am
going to explain it as we have seen ourselves
warning since the beginning of the
series, Telecinco is not feminist, nor is it an
ally of, nor is it progressive  nor in any of
the things that she wants to claim not
with her 12 months 12 causes
telecinco a company that wants to
manufacture banknotes and does not care about
gender violence nor is it nor what we have to
do today we have to make a fool of ourselves
not that rocio carrasco is an
abused woman although justice does not
say it we do it we do it but today
suddenly we have realized that the
section is about talk to her it is a
real failure no because literally
the directors of telecinco are
realizing okay they are aware and they are
very unhappy with the numbers that
the section is having is on sálvame I
spoke to you no and it's that I don't know what she
expected or rather who cares
who is interested in calling the rice
to give you advice on what
and that woman who can give you advice which
is what she has done in life so she has not
done anything special that she is going to
advise me on absolutely nothing neither in
life nor professionally
absolutely nothing gentlemen what I
expected and with that section well
the audience is plummeting and
yet on the other hand the voting in  the
survivor final has been the highest
peak in voter turnout in the
last ten years according to
various media outlets so
man all this is worth the executives the
big businessmen of Mediaset
realize it and you're going to see how little by little
like little by little the vast majority of
programs are going to turn in favor
of the Flores family and suddenly we're going
to see things like today we
realized that we were wrong and we
believed Rocío Carrasco but in
reality not today suddenly she takes the
blindfold off my eyes
and suddenly they're going to act crazy and they're going
to change sides
removing Abel came in removing the
four balls on duty of Rocío
Carrasco Alba Carrillo and little else so it's going to
be change saved this video okay to
share it but saved them and
watch it again within what I tell you
a month is worth a big hug family
until the next video
[Music]